## Git

### [Git Submodule](http://blog.chh.tw/posts/git-submodule/)

A clear guide about how to use Git Submodule function. I try to know the use of it because currently using it under this diary project.

It should be fine to think submodule as another git repo under the current project. Considering the dependency of two project, for example, your blog framework and you post sources written in Markdown, it would be useful by using git submodule.

#### Add module

Simply hit:
``` 
git submodule add git://address.of.the.submodule submodule // submodule here is the folder inside your main project that you want to put the submodule files

```
#### Update module

Whenever you want to update you submodule, go to the submodule folder inside the project and hit:
```
git pull
```

Should pull the file from GitHub now.

Another way to update all the submodules repo is simply hit the following command:
``` 
git submodule foreach --recursive git pull origin master
```
Attention:
If a remote git repo containing some submodules repo and you hit `git clone git://adress.of.the.main.project.git` will not pull the submodules file into you local enviroment. If you want to save some time and pull them all at the same time, hit:
``` bash
git pull --recursive git://adress.of.the.main.project.git
```
Now fancy happened :)

#### Check existing submodules

You may add more than one module inside the main project. git submodule will create .submodule file in the root folder of main project. You can check & delete the submodules there.

But if you want to delete a submodule, besides delete some lines in `.gitmodules`, you should also go to `.git/congit` file and delete related code.


## Algorithm

### [LeetCode 解题报告 | 书影博客](http://bookshadow.com/leetcode/)

Solutions for LeetCode, writen in Python.
