## Java
Currently reading 「Data Structure & Algorithms in Java, Wiley」. Cause I sometimes felt some missing knowlege of Java language.

- 
    ```Java
    Counter c;
    c = new Counter();
    ```
    The first line of code only give c the reference variable. And the second line give `c` an instance. This would avoiding the lack of an object cause the default value of the adress stored in reference variable is `null`, that's the default standard value.

- If the `dot` operator is used on a reference that is currently `null`, the Java runtime enviroment will return with `NullPointerError`.
- And for the multi constructors case, Java works like the C++ way.
- Access control modifiers:
    - `public class ClassName` the `public` allow the other code make an instance of `ClassName`. And if this is a method inside a class, the method can be called in the other class,via like `dot` operator.
    - `protected` : can be access only by `subclass` or the class belong to the same `package`;
    - `private`: only to code within the class.
    - `static`: then the class was associated with this class as a whole, but not each instance of this class. `static` is used to store the global information of the class. If a method is declared as `static`, means that this method is associate withe the whole class and can not be called by a particular instance with `dot` method, but should using the name of the class's name. `static` would be useful for providing utility behaviors related to a class but not any particular instance
of that class.
    - `abstract`: method without implementation of the method body. Any subclass is expeted to provide concrete implementation for each abstract method.
    - `final`: the variable can never be assigned a new value after initialized.
    - parameter of a method is passing by value. If we use reference of a variable as parameter, then it is still passing by value -- the value of the reference.
    - Constructor can not be `static`,`abstract`,or `final`.

    
