## Resume

Come out with the idea that maybe I can apply for the intern job at GitHub couple days ago. I send a email and ask if I was college student from China, would that be a problem for applying. And the GitHub starff Jessica replied to me that they are happy to see international student there.

Right after I got the information, I start to think how to make a resume for the non-chinese company. I haven't look at the English resume & cv before, though I have some understanding about how to write a good resume for Chinese language company.

I found a clean template for resume [here](http://sampleresumetemplate.net/). I want to host the resume on my blog, make it like this https://anthonyeef.github.io/resume/en I have `en` here cause I may have Chinese resume also hosted online in the coming months.

And I just found that Jekyll would automatically build every page under the main folder. If I want to make the resume page style coincident with the blog style, I just need to code:

```
---
layout: default
hide: true
---
```

At the beginning of the `index.html` file of the resume folder. And the second line `hide: true` is aimed to hide the resume page from my personal page. I don't want anyone who just come in my site to check my every details...

And finnaly I came out with [this](https://anthonyeef.github.io/resume/en). And the PDF version is also avalible on GitHub. I found that it's easy to get the raw file of my repo, the domain is usually like `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Anthonyeef/reponame/master/folder/path/to/the/file`. So simply click a button on my resume, you can download the PDF from GitHub.

I hope I could get the intern... although I know it's very difficult. It's GitHub man!