## Android
### [Gson](http://kylewbanks.com/blog/Tutorial-Android-Parsing-JSON-with-GSON)
- `SerializedName` is the annotation used to denote that the property name may differ from the field name in Api.
- `Expose` means exposed for serialization and deserialization.
 
- A Restadapter should be implement in the project:

### [Retrofit](https://github.com/bboyfeiyu/android-tech-frontier/tree/master/issue-7/Retrofit%E5%BC%80%E5%8F%91%E6%8C%87%E5%8D%97)
Retrofit turns the http request in to annotations on POJO object's annotations. Creating an `interface`, `api servive`, `RestAdapter` is needed using Retrofit.

- Example of making an Android client for GitHub. But this one only contains the simple api, not the oauth api.

```Java
RestAdapter restAdapter = new RestAdapter.Builder()
        .setEndpoint(API).build();
gitapi git = restAdapter.create(gitapi.class);

```
- Declaring the interface:
```Java
public interface GitHubService {
    @GET("/repos/{owner}/{repo}/contributors")
    List<Contributor> contributors (
        @Path("owner") String owner,
        @Path("repo") String repo
        );
    }
```
`List<Contributor>` is the type of the response body. `Path` is another annotation that point out the substitution in the Api endpoint.

- Also should make an interface waiting to implement the `success` method and `failure` method.

### [parceler](http://parceler.org/)
An awesome library with fully detail document ;) No more boilerplate source code for `writeToParcel()` and `createFromParcel()`.
- Add annotation `@Parcel` at the beginning of POJO model (and that's it). This will automatically generate serialization model after compiling.
- Use it in the code with `Parcels.wrap(new model)`.
- `wrap` object could be used in `intent` or `fragment` passing data action.


### Conclusion of Retrofit
This post is great: [A smart way to use retrofit](http://blog.robinchutaux.com/blog/a-smart-way-to-use-retrofit/)

- A POJO model
- An api service interface class to consume the api request(which is implemented with annotation)

And both of the above class is recommanded to be `public`, with fast speed handling it from source code.

### Retrofit 1.9 and Retrofit 2 beta
As far as I can see, Retrofit 2 makes more sense in the use of interface, the way it declares a method. For example, the api interface, there is a `Call` in front of the object, which should be more understandable as it's an api `interface`.

### [Facebook stetho](http://facebook.github.io/stetho/)
A debug tool which allow developer check the network issue with Chrome browser.
